FIRST MVP Version (not too much tracking/analytics. Not too many game modes)
Stack:
    ts for backend + go for problem gen logic (bc i want to use it, but is it feasible)
    postgres/supabase for db 
    ts with next in frontend? (and websockets but no clue how to do those yet)


Need users for real time tracking 
Therefore require Auth - easy to use with emails? or regular email and password

1.  Auth

2.  Pages 
        Home page. straight into problems?
            Grid like design with cells for addition, subtraction, multiplication, custom etc.

        User page. 
            Settings and preferences(does this really matter tho? What does it change)
            Dashboard and analytics
                Best times for each challenge played so far
                ADD analytics that are neccesary HERE

        Game page (same layout for each one)
            When you press on the game, itll give you 2 options to choose the Game:
                Preset Easy, difficult, hard -> where the backend logic will keep giving questions based on rules defined in backend.
                    Here it will have to be timed, have to track that as well. How many correct in how much time. 
                    Is that too many API calls if the backend is sending a question every time? is it not fast enough? 
                        Debate is whether question gen should be done in backend and sent via API. But then would it be too many calls to get new questions? 
                        Frontend question gen + validating + scoring might make it slow? But does making repeating API calls also not do the same and make it slow?
                    Evaluate correctness and scoring in the frontend
                    What is scoring like? (+10 for every correct answer?)

                Customizable:
                    Customize what: Upper and lower bound numbers. ADD WHAT IS CUSTOM HERE. Timed and infinite mode?
                    All of the customness is sent in req to the backend so that it can start to generate the numbers correctly

                    Will have to figure out Custom game later

                Once you go into the game: 
                    you have a timer on the top of the screen. End button on top right
                    Simple UI. no game screen as that will be too complicated. Render the equation onto the screen in middle. 
                    give a box for them to type it in. 
                    (what about super big numbers? Maybe give options for using direction keys for 4 options)
                        but then how do you compute 4 options that look realistic as well. 
            Game page should also have leaderboards for the presets. You see them once you finish your game. 
                See top 5, and then where you rank. Weekly and all time. 
                Also your own leaderboard
                CUSTOMIZED GAME MODE RESULTS ARE NOT STORED. You can see your results (50/54) at the end but thats it


QUESTION-gen
    very rule heavy, how can we optimize that. Random numbers have to change as well (no preset seed), how to make sure of that
    is it bad to do it through random numbers and not a DB? Does it make it too expensive? 

3. DB Design and websockets stuff
    User profile 
    Personal table for their scores for all games (or does that become too many tables?) -> figure out best way to do user leaderboards
    One table per mode of game? or just one table per game(ex one table for addition, subtraction etc)
        Table tracks user, score, game_mode. Will searching for leaderboards become too heavy though? Especially if you are searching only for a user
        FIGURE OUT HOW WEBSOCKETS COME INTO PLAY HERE - esp for real time
    What are good analytics structure
    
4. UI
    How to balance between minimal and also intriguing? how do you make it cool but not too much?

            

